_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Full time PhD student and part time monkey painter"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hello! Welcome to my website :>. I am currently a 1st-year PhD student in [Todd Castoe's lab](https://www.castoelaboratory.org/) , studying functional genomics and how changes to gene regulatory networks lead to phenotypic diversification. My current research focuses on my model system rattlesnakes, specifically investigating the gene regulatory pathways of the accessory versus the main venom gland and how these pathways lead to differential venom expression

The Accessory Venom Gland Vs Main Venom Gland
======
My primary research focus currently is if gene expression can help us understand the functional and physiological diffences in the accessory vs the main venom gland. We do this through figuring out the venom genes that are differentially expressed and the mechanisms that are able to explain this such as trans-regulatory factors (transcription factors) interacting with cis-regulatory factors (enhancers and promoters) within the two types of glands.

Commit message:

Commenting out my monkey paintings for professionalism

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Studying the origins of gene regulatory networks and phenotypic variation using snake venom"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hello! Welcome to my website :>. I am currently a 1st-year PhD student in [Todd Castoe's lab](https://www.castoelaboratory.org/) , studying functional genomics and how changes to gene regulatory networks lead to phenotypic diversification. My current research focuses on my model system rattlesnakes, specifically investigating the gene regulatory pathways of the accessory versus the main venom gland and how these pathways lead to differential venom expression

The Accessory Venom Gland Vs Main Venom Gland
======
My primary research focus currently is if gene expression can help us understand the functional and physiological diffences in the accessory vs the main venom gland. We do this through figuring out the venom genes that are differentially expressed and the mechanisms that are able to explain this such as trans-regulatory factors (transcription factors) interacting with cis-regulatory factors (enhancers and promoters) within the two types of glands.
